[RHDHBUGS-3298]: Fix procedure structure in plugin-enable modules (#2302)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: artifacts/snip-tag-for-OCI-package-paths.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET
where:

`<tag>`::
Enter your {product-very-short} version of {backstage} and the plugin version, in the format `pass:c,a,q[bs_<backstage-version>__<plugin-version>]` (note the double underscore delimiter).

> Look in the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/latest/html/red_hat_developer_hub_release_notes/pr01[{product-very-short} release notes preface] for your {backstage} version, then locate the plugin version in the {dynamic-plugins-reference-book-link}[Dynamic Plugins Reference guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find these versions, you must complete the following steps: 
.  Find your {backstage} version in the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/latest/html/red_hat_developer_hub_release_notes/pr01[{product-very-short} release notes preface].
. Locate the plugin version in the {dynamic-plugins-reference-book-link}[Dynamic Plugins Reference guide].
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET
where:

`<tag>`::
Enter your {product-very-short} version of {backstage} and the plugin version, in the format `pass:c,a,q[bs_<backstage-version>__<plugin-version>]` (note the double underscore delimiter).

> To find these versions, you must complete the following steps: 

Author: ```suggestion
To find these versions, complete the following steps: 
```
